Brother Gao, I toast you
Later?
We, Yaoyao, please take care of more and bear more burden.
Take care of Yaoyao
We bought it.
Yaoyao, you are so lucky
Yo, it's all there.
It's quite lively
Kai is here
You must be punished for being late, right?
Punishment, punishment, punishment, I will drink with you later.
I didn't expect him to return to his biological family
Even the temperament has become refined
Duquet, why are you here?
Now they are all starting to call their names directly
Hey brothers, don't move
Sit down, sit down, Kaige
Today is our Yaoyao High School senior
Took second place
Then let's celebrate together. Congratulations to the joint financial resources.
Ok ok ok yes
Should you drink Yaoyao skin care?
Yaoyao won the second place in the competition
Should we go?
Hahahaha
Brother, drink less
What if you drink too much later?
Hey, how can men not drink alcohol?
Yaoyao, I heard that you won this second place.
I specially prepared a small gift for you.
Come in
Brother Hai, you finally let us in
What is Brother Hai looking for us for?
My friend is engaged
I called you over today
Just for you to test his fiancé